Clarified that these examples are Mule 3. Cleaned up. (#250)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/building-an-https-service.adoc

> image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

Reviewer: INSTRUCTIONS FOR EDIT:
a medium (1 topic) clean-up/clarification PR. Green only. EOD Tuesday?

image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Runtime Fabric"]

> 

Reviewer 2: CloudHub supports "deploying", "running" or similar

> CloudHub supports building HTTPS- and SSL-based services so you ensure your data confidentiality. 

Reviewer 2: CloudHub supports "deploying", "running" or similar

> CloudHub supports deploying HTTPS- and SSL-based services so you ensure your data confidentiality. 

Reviewer: Two things:

I was taught that open hyphenation causes translation difficulties, so consider "HTTPS-based and SSL-based services."

I was also taught that there is a legal issue with promising anything outright, including using "ensure" in such a context.

```suggestion
CloudHub supports deploying HTTPS-based and SSL-based services to help you ensure your data confidentiality. 
```

> These configuration steps shown are meant for deploying your Mule app to CloudHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps illustrate how to configure your Mule app for deployment to CloudHub.
```
steps or tasks?

If you are using:

* *Mule 3 with Anypoint Studio 6*
+

> Follow these steps to build an HTTPS Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to build an HTTPS proxy.
```

* *Mule 4 with Anypoint Studio 7*
+

> Take advantage of Anypoint API Manager integration with the secrets manager. 

Reviewer: Does "with" here mean "integration plus secrets" or "integration by using secrets"?

+
See xref:api-manager::building-https-proxy.adoc[Building an HTTPS API Proxy in Mule 4].

If you plan to deploy your app locally, see xref:3.8@mule-runtime::tls-configuration.adoc[TLS Configuration]. 

== Prerequisites 

Before you begin, build a service (such as a simple "Hello World" service) and deploy it.

== Modify Your Service to Use HTTPS

For detailed information about the Anypoint Connector for HTTP, see the xref:3.8@mule-runtime::http-connector.adoc[HTTP Connector for Mule 3] documentation.

To modify your existing service to use HTTPS:

. Generate a `keystore` file.
+

> You can create a `keystore` file using the JDK `keytool` utility on the command line, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a `keystore` file using the JDK `keytool` utility on the command line:
```

+
[source,text,linenums]
----
keytool -genkeypair -keystore keystore.jks   -dname "CN=localhost, OU=Unknown, O=Unknown, L=Unknown, ST=Unknown, C=Unknown"  -keypass password  -storepass password  -keyalg RSA  -sigalg SHA1withRSA  -keysize 2048  -alias mule  -ext SAN=DNS:localhost,IP:127.0.0.1 -validity 9999
----
+

> You must specify the hostname (`SAN=DNS:localhost,IP:127.0.0.1` in the example) on the command line to  generate a self-signed certificate.

Reviewer: extra space
```suggestion
You must specify the hostname (`SAN=DNS:localhost,IP:127.0.0.1` in the example) on the command line to generate a self-signed certificate.
```

+
This command creates a file named `keystore.jks`.
. Add `keystore.jks` to your Mule app in the folder `src/main/resources` in Studio.

> . Configure an HTTP Connector in your Mule app:

Reviewer: Should this be "Configure Anypoint Connector for HTTP..." 
or "HTTP Connector"
or "an HTTP connector"

Author: Anypoint Connector for HTTP is mentioned earlier. This is a subsequent mention.

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
...
<http:listener-config name="HTTPS_Listener_Configuration" protocol="HTTPS" host="0.0.0.0" port="${https.port}" doc:name="HTTP Listener Configuration">
     <tls:context>
         <tls:key-store path="keystore.jks" keyPassword="${keystore.password}" password="password"/>
     </tls:context>
 </http:listener-config>
...
----

> In the HTTP Connector, specify:

Reviewer: ditto connector ref. to actual name?

* Any host IP addresses you want to use with the HTTPS scheme for the value of `host` 

> * `${https.port} variable for the value of `port`

Reviewer: The? An?...variable for...?

> . Include a `config-ref` reference to the HTTPS global listener configuration, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Include a `config-ref` reference to the HTTPS global listener configuration:
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="httpsserviceFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="HTTPS_Listener_Configuration" path="hello" doc:name="HTTPS_Listener_Configuration"/>
</flow>
----
. Configure an HTTP Requester using your required TLS configuration to enable HTTPS requests to external addresses:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
...
<http:request-config name="HTTP_Request_Configuration" protocol="HTTPS" host="0.0.0.0" port="${https.port}" doc:name="HTTP Request Configuration">
     <tls:context>
         <tls:key-store path="keystore.jks" password="password" keyPassword="${keystore.password}" />
     </tls:context>
</http:request-config>      
...
----

> . Include a `config-ref` reference to the HTTPS global request configuration, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Include a `config-ref` reference to the HTTPS global request configuration:
```

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="httpsserviceFlow">
  <http:request config-ref="HTTP_Request_Configuration" path="some-path" method="GET" doc:name="HTTPS_Request_Configuration" host="0.0.0.0" port="${https.port}"/>
</flow>
----

> Your application is now ready to be deployed on CloudHub. You can access your endpoint using the HTTPS address, for example: `+https://yourdomain.cloudhub.io+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your application is now ready to be deployed on CloudHub. You can access your endpoint using the HTTPS address: for example, `+https://yourdomain.cloudhub.io+`.
```

== Services under API Manager Proxies

If you are prompted to download a proxy from API Manager and need to configure it for HTTPS, follow the steps in the HTTP Connector configuration for the HTTP Requestor. The HTTP Listener configuration is provided as a template. 

To complete the configuration:

. Import the proxy project into Studio.
. Select the *Configuration XML* tab for your proxy flow.
+
The parser detects an error because the flow references an HTTPS Connector that is commented out.
. Uncomment the `http:listener-config` block.

> . Add the `keystore` values: `path`, `password`, and `keyPassword`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the `keystore` values: `path`, `password`, and `keyPassword`:
```
